c:\users\icaro_veras.virgo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\icaro_veras.virgo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\iLunch.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\icaro_veras.virgo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\iLunch.Tests.dll
c:\users\icaro_veras.virgo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\iLunch.Tests.pdb
c:\users\icaro_veras.virgo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\iLunch.Dominio.dll
c:\users\icaro_veras.virgo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\iLunch.Repository.dll
c:\users\icaro_veras.virgo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\icaro_veras.virgo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\icaro_veras.virgo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\Rhino.Mocks.dll
c:\users\icaro_veras.virgo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.dll
c:\users\icaro_veras.virgo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\icaro_veras.virgo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\iLunch.Dominio.pdb
c:\users\icaro_veras.virgo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\iLunch.Repository.pdb
c:\users\icaro_veras.virgo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\obj\Debug\iLunch.Tests.dll
c:\users\icaro_veras.virgo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\obj\Debug\iLunch.Tests.pdb
c:\users\icaro_veras.virgo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\icaro_veras.virgo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.dll
c:\users\icaro_veras.virgo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\LinFu.DynamicProxy.dll
c:\users\icaro_veras.virgo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\icaro_veras.virgo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\NHibernate.ByteCode.Castle.dll
c:\users\icaro_veras.virgo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\NHibernate.ByteCode.LinFu.dll
C:\Projetos\iLunchWeb\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\iLunch.Tests.dll.config
C:\Projetos\iLunchWeb\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\iLunch.Tests.dll
C:\Projetos\iLunchWeb\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\iLunch.Tests.pdb
C:\Projetos\iLunchWeb\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
C:\Projetos\iLunchWeb\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.dll
C:\Projetos\iLunchWeb\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentNHibernate.dll
C:\Projetos\iLunchWeb\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
C:\Projetos\iLunchWeb\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\iLunch.Dominio.dll
C:\Projetos\iLunchWeb\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\iLunch.Repository.dll
C:\Projetos\iLunchWeb\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\LinFu.DynamicProxy.dll
C:\Projetos\iLunchWeb\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Projetos\iLunchWeb\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\NHibernate.ByteCode.Castle.dll
C:\Projetos\iLunchWeb\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\NHibernate.ByteCode.LinFu.dll
C:\Projetos\iLunchWeb\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
C:\Projetos\iLunchWeb\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Projetos\iLunchWeb\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\Rhino.Mocks.dll
C:\Projetos\iLunchWeb\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\iLunch.Dominio.pdb
C:\Projetos\iLunchWeb\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\bin\Debug\iLunch.Repository.pdb
C:\Projetos\iLunchWeb\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Projetos\iLunchWeb\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\obj\Debug\iLunch.Tests.dll
C:\Projetos\iLunchWeb\iLunchWeb\iLunch.Tests\obj\Debug\iLunch.Tests.pdb
